fix config template links (#10444) (#10446)
pingcap/docs: production-deployment-using-tiup.md

| Application | Configuration task | Configuration file template | Topology description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | OLTP | [Deploy minimal topology](/minimal-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple minimal configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/simple-mini.yaml) <br/> [Full minimal configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/complex-mini.yaml) | This is the basic cluster topology, including tidb-server, tikv-server, and pd-server. |
> | HTAP | [Deploy the TiFlash topology](/tiflash-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiFlash configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/simple-tiflash.yaml) <br/> [Full TiFlash configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/complex-tiflash.yaml) | This is to deploy TiFlash along with the minimal cluster topology. TiFlash is a columnar storage engine, and gradually becomes a standard cluster topology. |
> | Replicate incremental data using [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) | [Deploy the TiCDC topology](/ticdc-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiCDC configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/simple-cdc.yaml) <br/> [Full TiCDC configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/complex-cdc.yaml) | This is to deploy TiCDC along with the minimal cluster topology. TiCDC supports multiple downstream platforms, such as TiDB, MySQL, and MQ. |
> | Replicate incremental data using [TiDB Binlog](/tidb-binlog/tidb-binlog-overview.md) | [Deploy the TiDB Binlog topology](/tidb-binlog-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiDB Binlog configuration template (MySQL as downstream)](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/simple-tidb-binlog.yaml) <br/> [Simple TiDB Binlog configuration template (Files as downstream)](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/simple-file-binlog.yaml) <br/> [Full TiDB Binlog configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/complex-tidb-binlog.yaml) | This is to deploy TiDB Binlog along with the minimal cluster topology. |
> | Use OLAP on Spark | [Deploy the TiSpark topology](/tispark-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiSpark configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/simple-tispark.yaml) <br/> [Full TiSpark configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/complex-tispark.yaml) |  This is to deploy TiSpark along with the minimal cluster topology. TiSpark is a component built for running Apache Spark on top of TiDB/TiKV to answer the OLAP queries.  Currently, TiUP cluster's support for TiSpark is still **experimental**. |
> | Deploy multiple instances on a single machine | [Deploy a hybrid topology](/hybrid-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple configuration template for hybrid deployment](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/simple-multi-instance.yaml) <br/> [Full configuration template for hybrid deployment](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/complex-multi-instance.yaml) | The deployment topologies also apply when you need to add extra configurations for the directory, port, resource ratio, and label. |
> | Deploy TiDB clusters across data centers | [Deploy a geo-distributed deployment topology](/geo-distributed-deployment-topology.md) | [Configuration template for geo-distributed deployment](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/config-templates/geo-redundancy-deployment.yaml) | This topology takes the typical architecture of three data centers in two cities as an example. It introduces the geo-distributed deployment architecture and the key configuration that requires attention. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OLTP | [Deploy minimal topology](/minimal-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple minimal configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/simple-mini.yaml) <br/> [Full minimal configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/complex-mini.yaml) | This is the basic cluster topology, including tidb-server, tikv-server, and pd-server. |
| HTAP | [Deploy the TiFlash topology](/tiflash-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiFlash configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/simple-tiflash.yaml) <br/> [Full TiFlash configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/complex-tiflash.yaml) | This is to deploy TiFlash along with the minimal cluster topology. TiFlash is a columnar storage engine, and gradually becomes a standard cluster topology. |
| Replicate incremental data using [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) | [Deploy the TiCDC topology](/ticdc-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiCDC configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/simple-cdc.yaml) <br/> [Full TiCDC configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/complex-cdc.yaml) | This is to deploy TiCDC along with the minimal cluster topology. TiCDC supports multiple downstream platforms, such as TiDB, MySQL, and MQ. |
| Replicate incremental data using [TiDB Binlog](/tidb-binlog/tidb-binlog-overview.md) | [Deploy the TiDB Binlog topology](/tidb-binlog-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiDB Binlog configuration template (MySQL as downstream)](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/simple-tidb-binlog.yaml) <br/> [Simple TiDB Binlog configuration template (Files as downstream)](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/simple-file-binlog.yaml) <br/> [Full TiDB Binlog configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/complex-tidb-binlog.yaml) | This is to deploy TiDB Binlog along with the minimal cluster topology. |
| Use OLAP on Spark | [Deploy the TiSpark topology](/tispark-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple TiSpark configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/simple-tispark.yaml) <br/> [Full TiSpark configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/complex-tispark.yaml) |  This is to deploy TiSpark along with the minimal cluster topology. TiSpark is a component built for running Apache Spark on top of TiDB/TiKV to answer the OLAP queries.  Currently, TiUP cluster's support for TiSpark is still **experimental**. |
| Deploy multiple instances on a single machine | [Deploy a hybrid topology](/hybrid-deployment-topology.md) | [Simple configuration template for hybrid deployment](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/simple-multi-instance.yaml) <br/> [Full configuration template for hybrid deployment](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/complex-multi-instance.yaml) | The deployment topologies also apply when you need to add extra configurations for the directory, port, resource ratio, and label. |
| Deploy TiDB clusters across data centers | [Deploy a geo-distributed deployment topology](/geo-distributed-deployment-topology.md) | [Configuration template for geo-distributed deployment](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-5.4/config-templates/geo-redundancy-deployment.yaml) | This topology takes the typical architecture of three data centers in two cities as an example. It introduces the geo-distributed deployment architecture and the key configuration that requires attention. |
```
